Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Is it back? Yeah. I'm sorry. I must have said something they didn't like.
I was giving an altar call and the devil didn't like that. But it made YouTube a little mad.
Obviously, I'm not apologizing for anything I believe and what we believe.
I am attacking other denominations and religions that are against Jesus Christ.
So, YouTube, get over it. But I am on your platform. So annoying.
They gave us a warning. I don't know; it must have been what I said before that.
What was it I said? It doesn't matter. I'm moving on. I was waiting for a couple more people.
I know what the Lord told me is to give an altar call. Tell me the number.
Is it moving? Yes. Let me know. We had almost 8,000 people here.
Keep it updated. All right. So, I'm going to say a simple prayer with those that came back.
It doesn't have to be something hard; we're just going to say a simple prayer real quick.
And I want you to say it with your whole heart. Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day. Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Wash me. Make me new with your precious blood. Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on sin. And from this day forward, Lord, I will serve you with all my heart.
I dedicate my life to you. I thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. And from this day forward, Lord, I will serve you. I'm sold out to you.
I thank you, Lord, that if something was to happen and I was to die today, from this day forward I'll be with you in paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm washed. Thank you, Lord, that I'm free.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm forgiven in the name of Jesus. Amen and amen.'So we believe it, we confess it.
If you just said that prayer—I know there's a lot of you that just came back and you don't even know what I'm praying about, but some of you do.
But I'm going to tell you, we're just asking Jesus Christ to be in our hearts.
You must confess him. You must be born again. Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
So, if you just said that prayer and you watch this video later and you came back, I want you to tell us in the comments down below.
Tell us if you accept Jesus Christ. Let us know. I know some of you might be coming back, but I want to tell you, we're praying for you and we're excited you came tonight.
Tell us in an email if you need a Bible. Sorry, it threw me off a little bit.
I was a little irritated because of what happened. I knew the anointing was so strong right then and the devil got mad.
I have to come against it and I pray more before I do these videos. But I'm going to tell you this: we have the victory.
So I want you to find a Bible-believing church, a church that is usually, I would say, a non-denominational church. That's where my wife and I would go.
Tell that pastor if you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ, 'I want to be water baptized.'Get water baptized and get plugged into that church.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, go to Bible study; whatever you can go to, go to it and get plugged in there.
We want you to come with us and do like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of our prayer group here.
We're believing for 1 million subscribers and prayer warriors.
Find us on X, Instagram, TikTok, and Facebook. It's all in the description down below.
And if you can't afford a Bible, if you want a Bible and you just got born again watching our broadcast, just email us in the description down below.
Tell us, 'I got born again,'give us your address and your name, and we'll send you a Bible for free just to love on you and to tell you congratulations.
So, if that witnessed to you and you got born again tonight, welcome to the family.
So, I'm so excited for the people that came back. Thank you for coming back and praying with us—all 2,800 of you now.
Oh, I already took communion. All right, let's pray. Let's go tubing for a little bit.
Devil, you're going to pay for that. Whoever pulled the plug, we bind that devil on the inside of you in the name of Jesus.
We know it was the devil. We take authority over our broadcast. We plead the blood over this broadcast.
And we thank you that it's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Braden, it's all right. You're going to find the other internet and put it on there sometime.
You don't have to do that tonight. So, Father, we just lift up the things you want us to pray over tonight.
Father, we pray over our—what background's behind me? The oil refineries?
refineries. So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for where we are in these end times. I'm going to pray in the spirit for a minute, okay?
Because like I said, when I get on the flow and then I get off, I have to get back in that river.
Where? What direction, Lord? What direction, Father? What direction do you want me to go?
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Thank you, Father.
Thank you for the blood. There's power, power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
We thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood, for the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Father, for the blood—the blood that never loses its power.
The blood that reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
The blood that gives me strength from day to day, it will never lose its power.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you never lose your power. The blood keeps us.
It cleanses us. It watches over us. It's the protector. Thank you, Lord.
If it ever happens again, Braden, if the internet goes out again, you have to wave at me immediately so I know.
Because I don't know. Do you know that? Okay. Is it still going?
Father, we give you praise and glory. We worship you, Lord. We magnify and glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you. We praise you. We adore you. We glorify your name in all the earth.
We magnify you, Father, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Father, we praise you in advance right now for all that you've done tonight. Thank you, Father.
Now, God, when it comes down to these oil refineries and the things you showed me about the gas wars and the people lined up for miles down the road.
I'm on the right road now. I see the island. I see that whole land of Cuba again.
It's very dark again. Do I say any of that out loud? No. Okay. I'll say it like a prayer.
Pray right now. We're praying for the middle of the night. You'll wake up in a morning.
I'm not telling you which one. I'm telling you, I see it. Everything will be on the news and there'll be fires.
I see the fires. I don't see why all those places are on fire. To the underground facility there, I'm looking at it.
It's like a World War bunker. It's a bunker and it's plush. I see nice rugs.
You would never think you were in a survival bunker. It has thick concrete walls. It's in the mountain.
I see the bunker in the mountain and I see a palace, like a house, and there's tunnels from the house to this bunker.
It goes up to the bunker and I see these tunnels that are strategic getaway places inside this house.
It looks like a palace. It's a nice house. Underneath this house, there are great tunnels that lead straight to this bunker in the mountain.
At the top of this place, there's a place for a helicopter to get out quick.
It leads up into the mountain and I see this place to get out of there for a helicopter, like you have places to get out.
I see another place on this side that leads to the water to get out by boat. It's an escape route.
So that's what we're praying, that all hidden things be revealed so an escape route will not be.
There is no escaping the wrath to come. I see microscopes and labs.
Do you remember the biological thing I told you about? I said it was like a biological canister.
I see these men in white garments like doctor suits and masks.
I see these labs and a microscope looking at live specimens.
You know whenever you have expectation like on Christmas morning as a child?
I see the Cuban people. They know, you can feel it. Something is about to take place that will forever change your life.
The way things have been and the way things have gone for so long are about to manifest a new way of life.
A new way of life, Cuban people, is about to come. What you've known for decades is about to change in a 24-hour period.
Not in the next 24, but in a 24-hour period, everything is going to change for the Cuban people.
They're going to see it as a mile marker of what the church in Cuba has prayed for.
The Lord said, 'I have heard your prayers and liberation is coming.
Hold fast to what you're believing me for and a great door is about to open for you.'Great deliverance is coming.
Great money is coming. Financial stability like you've never seen before.
Banks and resources. I see hotels and resorts coming forth.
American companies coming into Cuba building forth resorts as a tourist industry will flow and cruise ships will go as a destination.
A tourist industry will be birthed out of this and the great financial stability and culture of the Cuban people will be seen globally.
I see a military base being established in Cuba for America.
Not shortly too long after that, I see Claudia. We must pray over midterms and the next three years.
Praying over this time frame for a red wave to maintain the House and the Senate, but especially the House.
No impeachments. He's got him because he's been obedient. He did what I asked him to do and was led by my spirit.
He's liberating the people and doing exactly what he's been asked to do. This was the valley of decision I had for him.
Now, we are praying over Don Jr., praying over his protection and a radical conversion.
We call him born again, radically saved, touched by the Holy Spirit.
Even as we pray right now in the middle of the night, visit him, Lord.
Over Eric, over Don, over Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, Kai, and the grandchild.
We call them all radically born again. We even pray that over Donald Trump, a radical conversion on fire for Jesus.
Even with Rubio, on fire for Jesus. Every tunnel and every place that's harboring weapons, we call you uncovered in the name of Jesus.
Every plan and every plot, we call you uncovered in Jesus'name.
Now we're praying over John Hagee's church. Specifically, he looks Somalian.
I tell you by the spirit, it's intimidating. Don't you ever come back!
The blood around that church. Thank you, Lord, for protection and that you're watching over them.
No matter what they plot or plan over the years, it will never stand.
You're always watching over. There are more with us than there are with them—the angelic host.
We thank you, Lord, for the stance he stands with Israel. We thank you, Lord, for John Hagee.
We thank you, Lord, for this ministry and for the Hagees. We bless the ministry and the congregation.
They are protected. Every plot, every plan, every pursuit is at your feet, under our feet in the name of Jesus.
There's great breakthrough there. I see law enforcement here and it's a deterrent from this Somalian man.
I tell you by the spirit, it's intimidating. Don't you ever come back!
The blood around that church. The blood around that church, the blood of Jesus.
Oh, we thank you, Lord. We make much of your blood. We make much of the blood. We apply the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that your hand of protection and the angelic host are protecting us in the name of Jesus, in particular over Joel.
We thank you, Lord, for Joel. Lord, put a fire in his belly to protect Joel. Thank you, Lord, for protection over these places.
And I see over every base, over everything that is represented over America: over our military facilities, our water facilities, sewage plants, electric grid, fire department, police force, and sheriff's department.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting our people. FBI, Homeland Security, NSA—we thank you, Lord, all over this nation.
Yes, I heard this right there: a major earthquake is about to take place.
When I said that, my eyes went to Seattle and Portland, Oregon, going up through British Columbia.
I hear a major earthquake is about to take place—events that will be written in history, events that will shake history.
Hear me? Events that will shake history. It is the way people refer to things: the shaking of events.
It is the Ring of Fire. There is unusual activity in solar flares, an uptick of activity in the sun.
It's pressure on the Earth's crust. Magnetic pressure is coming, pressure on a greater level. Pressure on our electric grid.
What's interesting is, as I see all these wars and all this stuff going on, there is about to be an uptick at the same time as labor pains upon a woman.
As you see the labor pains, you're about to see another contraction concerning the world, like things we don't control: weather, the crust of the Earth, earthquakes, signs in the heavens, things like that.
We see the labor pains with wars and rumors of wars, and then you're about to see an uptick.
I see the contractions going back-to-back because the baby is about to come.
The closer you get to the arrival of the baby, the labor pains go back-to-back; the contractions are on top of each other.
What I'm seeing right now is the next level of great damaging floods and record rainfall in Asia.
I see great floods coming, so much so that you'll see cars floating down the streets and dams breaking from pressure.
Things are about to shift. The birthing pains will go from wars to earthquakes and then pestilence and plagues.
The Lord said that as of the 23rd of last year, you've entered into the point of no return.
The labor pains are going to come one after another. It won't just be a lull.
You'll have days where you go, 'Wow, this is escalation.'Look at Israel, Cuba, and Russia, and then boom, an earthquake.
It won't just be a little tremor; we're talking about massive 9.0 earthquakes and volcanoes erupting.
These birthing pains are coming one after another because the signs of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ are at hand.
You're going to look around and see another year that was just chaotic signs—major signs.
Braden, isn't that neat? We're in a time like we've never seen before, and labor pains will be upon each other.
I just give God praise for it. I'm excited to see it. I don't want to see the destruction, but I do want to see the coming of my Lord.
It's exciting. You're going to have long-track tornadoes.
As they try to manipulate and control the weather, they will lose control.
Those things will manifest with downbursts of straight-line winds of speeds we've never seen before, hailstones that are bigger than we've ever had on record because of the updrafts and major shifting in the Earth.
I told you even the sun would look different in the days ahead, and the migration of animals will be different.
They'll be in one area thinking it's time to migrate, breed, or mate.
Like the rut was set in with deer early because they see the signs of the Earth and look for it.
All of a sudden, you'll see birds flying in and you'll think it's not time for that; it's not time for the monarch to come down because things are going to be off.
The seasons are going to start to feel off. Even the way the sun shines in the sky will affect plant growth and how crops on the trees are not producing like they should.
It's weird, but that's the way I see it, and it's coming. I see fields where they'll plant the seed in the ground and it will not produce at all because they've genetically modified the seed so much.
As they try to play God to make a better seed, it won't produce at all.
There will be fields across states that are completely barren because they tinkered with something they shouldn't have.
I see genetically modified seeds that will not produce. You'll look at the fields and ask why they are barren.
It's because they messed with the seeds through HAARP, the weather, no rain, and drought.
Watch: there will be certain places with much drought and others with certain floods.
I see the cars bobbing up and down the street as the floods come through the city, and people are going to be freaking out.
It's going to do it again; things are going to escalate. Labor pains, signs of the time. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord, for President Trump.
Thank you, Lord, that he sleeps well tonight, has a good night's rest, and makes the decision concerning Cuba.
Thank you, Lord, that it will be final in his heart. Saul will have his thousands and David his ten thousands.
As we see in the news reports: what is JD Vance doing? What is Marco Rubio doing?
Father, we thank you that President Trump takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We plead the blood over his mind so that demonic spirits are not pecking at his head.
We pray that he has clear thoughts and is able to get the job done uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And we thank you Lord that the regime of Iran will fall quickly and they will eliminate the weapons underneath the soil and they will not leave one.
Every single weapon underneath the hidden places in these caverns will be annihilated and found through secret intel.
We call every single one of them exposed with nothing missing, nothing broken.
And they will find every one of these tunnels and caverns in the name of Jesus.
I ask you, Father, to lead them and show them even in the midnight hour.
We find them. We find the enriched uranium. If we have not already found it, we find it. Then we get it.
They are going after these tablets under the ground from ancient artifacts of fallen angel writing that is in these museums in Iran and they are going to scan them with AI.
I see them going in and looking for ancient artifacts for AI.
Remember that. But you will probably never hear that on the news. I see it.
But you will see an uptick in technological advancements as they try to open more portals in the days ahead.
An uptick in the demonic, an uptick concerning the Mahdi. Watch Israel in the middle of the night.
I see it again. I watch it. I am watching Israel in the middle of the night.
Worse than October 7th, coming from the Damascus area. Surprise attacks.
I see this again. It makes you convulse so much that it almost breaks your back.
It causes these boils that boil the skin off your body. They are like little circles and it melts your skin.
But the pain is so intense that it breaks your back. It does something to your back.
I see the skeleton of a man and the middle of the back is convulsing; it does something to the back like it fractures your spine.
But I see these boils all over their face and it is distorting their body and their hair is falling out, but it melts your skin as you go.
It is some kind of chemical weapon. I see chemical weapons being used, and they are trying to come up with this to use against Israel.
I see chemical weapons being used. This is very disgusting, very horrifying.
What I see right now is terrible. I see the children, I see women, I see adult men, and this is excruciating.
Whatever this is, it melts the flesh off your face. Oh, we say no. It will not happen.
We come against every plot, every plan of any kind of biological weapon.
We say in the name of Jesus, you will not do this. This is very serious.
I see Iran is about to do a retaliatory attack that is one of the biggest ones they have ever done.
They are about to bring out these bigger things that are under the ground and release a strategic blow.
It looks nuclear to me. I am telling you it is a cloud. Do you hear me?
It is the defensive or offensive, but I see it coming out of the ground on a massive missile.
It is going to be something from underneath the ground. We pray over Abraham Lincoln, specifically Kuwait.
We pray over our battleships. We pray over Baghdad. I see a man.
I see that leader that they just appointed over the aisle of Tehran.
He is talking to another man and they said, "Do you believe that we are right there to bring forth the Mahdi? Do you really believe this is the time for the Mahdi?
Is this what they have prophesied and what we have been waiting for?"This is the decision of what they are about to do to bring forth the strategic attack.
They have held it back, waiting because they want to bring forth the Mahdi.
Do you hear what I am telling you? I see this so clearly right now.
And I see this man talking to another man and they are talking about prophecy.
Does Islamic people have prophecy? I see Islamic prophecy.
I see them talking about some kind of prophecy. And they are underneath the ground. I see these people.
I see the vision and I am looking underneath the ground and I see concrete all around these men.
He is talking to a man. He has a black hat on and the other guy has a white turban thing on his head.
He has a gray beard. This other man is old. He has a gray beard.
The other man is talking to him and he said, "Does this line up with prophecy?"questioning, making sure for the weapons that they use, they know it is a point of no return.
They are going to summon up the Mahdi. I see this by the hand of the Lord right now that they are planning something that is darker than what we have ever seen before used in natural weapons.
Something is under the ground. It is against Israel. It is about Ramadan.
Let me look. I want to look in there more. Oh, help me Holy Spirit.
It is activating the cells inside America. They are waiting for the word.
Okay, this is toward the north in Iran. You can say they do not have a nuclear weapon.
Most people say they do not have it yet. I am telling you, they have it.
I see something. If it is not nuclear, it is a megaton bomb. It is something very close.
It is on one of those rockets. This is like a hypersonic rocket.
This is a big rocket and it is under the ground. But the payload is what they are talking about.
And they said, "If we strike them here, will this assure us the bringing forth a Mahdi?"Do you understand what I am talking about?
This is how serious this is. I see these two men talking and he is trying to make the decision because he is scared.
This is such a huge decision because you are talking about complete annihilation, but they are believing that their Messiah, this Mahdi, is coming in retaliation.
Does this fulfill prophecy? Are we there? The old man that is standing next to him, talking to this younger man, the one that just took the job, is talking to an old man that has a white hat on with a gray beard.
He has a very gray silver beard that comes down. He is talking to this old man and they are divining.
He is talking between the two of them. There are two of them. I do not see anybody else.
Two people are making this plan. But they want to take out the aircraft carrier, the Abraham.
I know this and this is something that they are planning. How do we strike America?
They are talking about these military bases with our troops in it.
But their main target is Israel and to call them up and say do this in America to activate, thank you Holy Ghost, to activate the cells in America to tell them to go.
It is because they do not know if it will work. It has not been tested.
What is on this payload has never been tested. They believe it will work.
They believe it will be successful, but they do not know. I hear it has never been tested.
We do not know for certain. Their scientists say that it will.
I hear them talking right now. I hear these two men talking. We have never tested it.
We don't know if it will work. I hear him in English. I cannot say anything else.
They're way down under the dirt. I'll say that, but I'm not talking about what they say no more. Lord said should be still. I'll say this.
There are actual buildings that look like apartment complexes that are actually a missile silo.
There is actually a missile inside of what looks like an apartment complex.
It's a white building. Oh my gosh. It's in plain sight. Father, I thank you, Lord.
They don't do this. They're not even thinking about it. And even if they did, it will implode on them in the middle of their base.
It's not going to take out any Israel because I know they are protected.
Everything that they're talking about will not come to pass.
It will not. It doesn't even line up with scripture. So, we know your hand is on it.
Israel is forever. So, I'm not even going to be concerned about what those men are saying.
Their Mahdi is a false god. And I thank you, Lord, that you dispose of this.
Jesus. Oh, how we love you. And we thank you, Lord, that you show us what the enemy is planning.
That it will be uncovered by our military. It will be uncovered where they are hiding.
It will be uncovered in Jesus'name. Not one missile like that will touch Israel.
Not one will touch our military bases. Not one will touch our aircraft carriers.
Not one. Our men and women are protected. The hand of the Lord is on us.
Biological weapons and chemical weapons will not be used against the people of Israel in Tel Aviv, in Bethlehem, or in Jerusalem.
I thank you, Lord. There is a covering of your precious blood over the people.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that when they see the hand of the Lord come for them, protecting them, they will worship Jesus. They will get radically born again. Thank you, Lord.
You know, when you see something so heavy like I just saw, and I realize I forgot I am on a livestream because I am in the spirit and the Lord speaks to me and says be still.
I pray that you all take it to God in prayer. 5,500 of you, I am going to end that there.
I think it's best to end that there tonight. My goodness, Father. I thank you for protecting me and my wife and my kids.
I thank you, Father, that we are protected, that you watch over us with your angels no matter what I see.
Father, we have praying people here and I just thank you, Lord, for protecting my family.
If you don't think there are cells of people in this nation, you are crazy.
I have seen them so clearly tonight. Again, there are people waiting in their apartment complexes.
I'm telling you, I've seen them. I looked across the nation and they are in cities and there are more than a thousand.
I don't know if those were sympathizers or refugees that are Muslim.
But it's a different thing because this represents something that is holy to them.
It's around Ramadan and the Mahdi, and I don't know why I'm hearing about ancient prophetic words.
I didn't know they were prophetic. I didn't know they had prophecy. But I heard these men talking.
And then I saw the cells of what these people that look at the Quran and worship Muhammad are looking for these prophecies to be fulfilled.
And when you activate them, they are all wanting the same thing. It's almost like the Christian faith.
We believe in Jesus and his return with the rapture of the church. Some of us do, but some don't.
They believe in the full-trip, mid-trip, and all this, but we all know the antichrist is coming. The antichrist is the Mahdi, and they want the Mahdi.
The Christians know the Mahdi coming is the antichrist, and the antichrist and the Mahdi are the same.
But we know as believers that the antichrist is coming. They want the antichrist to come.
And how do they summon it? They want this Mahdi to come. And that's what's so trippy about this, Brandon.
So, what I'm seeing is Islamic prophecy trying to go along with biblical prophecy, just distorted.
This was so wild because I saw the cells, but I saw the mosque, and they worship on Fridays on their mats and they pray, but they are wanting their Mahdi to come, which is the antichrist.
I am adding it all up to the things the Lord showed me prophetically, and I go, my goodness, Lord.
That is why he says, Brandon, you don't realize where you are.
You don't know the signs of the times. Are we there? Is this really it?
Are we really summoning and getting ready to try to get him to come? This is the point of no return.
If they try to do what they are going to do, they realize it is the end of them.
But it would bring forth their false messiah. It's dark. But they are at the point where, does this line up with prophecy?
I heard these two men talking underground. They were saying things.
They are applauding it. But they have not truly released their stash.
There is a horde of missile supply underneath the ground that they are waiting to fulfill prophecy.
It's not biblical, it's Quran prophecy. It's about doing their task to bring forth their agenda.
It's under the ground and it is to take out Israel and America.
Ultimately, it has nothing to do with America. It has all to do with Israel.
We are just the ones in the way. I see that 95% of this is about Israel; 5% is about America.
America is just in the way. Does that make sense? This is very serious.
What is under the ground is darker than what anybody realizes.
I see something very, very bad and they have not released it yet.
What causes them to push that? Will they do it? Will they even attempt it? Oh my gosh.
We talk about cultures; American culture is so much different than Asian culture.
People think differently because they were raised in different cultures with foods and the way people live.
This is a different way of thinking. I never seen it that way because I call them Americanized, but then you realize we are sold out to Jesus.
We are all in. My family, we are just all in. We are radical. But they are that way for their god.
They are all in. Our God is the only God, but they believe the way we believe, just a flip of the coin.
They are all in. They believe Muhammad. That is their culture.
We are Christian. We will die for Christ. We are martyrs for Jesus Christ.
We will fight to the death. We will proclaim Jesus Christ. They are that way for their god.
I never looked at it that way until I saw it right then. I had a download of stuff, y'all.
I saw something I have never seen before, but it was a different way of thinking about a people and a culture.
I was quiet because I was thinking, hearing, and seeing, and it was downloading to my spirit everything about this because I am ignorant.
I'm ignorant because I've just never been around it. I'm ignorant.
And I went, that's why my eyes went wide. I'm looking at him like, my gosh, Lord.
They really truly believe it. Just like we know Jesus is coming, they believe their Mahdi is coming.
And they're right. It's a false guy. It's the Mahdi is the Antichrist.
Well, I appreciate you coming out. I know it's late and every single one of you, we love you. All glory to Jesus.
The world will be in corruption and oppression before the Mahdi is what they think according to this summary.
Is that what they think? Yeah. Okay. So, they believe this all has to happen before he comes.
The world being in corruption and oppression before the Mahdi.
So them using this crazy weaponry underneath there for the corruption and oppression will bring forth their false messiah.
The world is described as full of injustice, oppression, fear and turmoil before the Mahdi appears.
Wow. So is that the only prophecy they have? I guess I don't see one but I wonder how many prophetic words they think they have.
I didn't even know they considered themselves prophetic. I didn't.
But we don't teach stuff like that in church because we're trying to teach our own stuff. And the people aren't getting the stuff we teach anyway.
We need to spend the time on our Bible, but we don't teach the Quran and what they believe.
Nobody cares. They're Christians. But that's why I'm telling you, we don't know.
We don't study the Quran and what they believe. It's blasphemous to me.
I never will read it. Don't care. God bless you all. We love you.
Keep continuing to pray over this. It is very serious. We'll be back definitely tomorrow.
I'll bring Diana with me and I don't control the river. I don't control the flow.
He does. So I don't know where he'll have us praying tomorrow.
But this is very serious for what I just saw. If I look at that, it is very disturbing.
And I look at things that I saw on the people and the boiling of the skin and things like that and I can tell you the area.
I can tell you where it hits. I can tell you where it is on Israel's map.
I can tell you all of it. It was very strategic. The vision was very clear. It was very precise.
And the souls of people in our nation waiting for the bad symbol is what I want to call it, the demonic symbol.
So, God bless America. God bless President Trump. We pray over our nation.
We pray over his kids. We'll talk about this later. I'm not doing this now.
God bless President Trump. God bless America. We pray for protection over our president.
May he be strong. May he lead this nation with Jesus. And I thank the Lord for him.
And I pray for protection over our homeland security, our FBI, our CIA, even our NSA, all of them.
I protect our flights, American Airlines, United, Delta. We pray the blood of Jesus over every single one of our airlines.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting our baseball stadiums, our churches, every place of mass gathering, parades.
We thank you, Lord, for our children's schools that they're protected in the name of Jesus with our angels, that no weapon formed against this nation will prosper here or in Hawaii or Alaska or any other place.
And we thank you, Lord, for our brothers and sisters even in Europe, France, Germany, Italy, the areas of our churches in the Catholic churches.
We cover them in the blood. We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against the Christian people will prosper or the Jews.
And we thank you, Lord, for your hand of protection over all of us.
And we give you all the glory, honor and praise as we close this thing tonight.
And we thank you, Father, for your great mighty hand of protection.
Satan, you're under our feet. You'll not touch us. We use our authority against you. We say in the name of Jesus, we will be protected.
We will have the blood around us and there will not be one hair on our heads touched or our finances or even our dogs, our cats, our animals.
Thank you, Lord. Even our cars, thank you, Lord. Our houses, everything, our businesses.
Thank you, Lord. And the gas prices and all the things that you showed me, Father.
Thank you, Lord. That they'll deflate somehow if they keep doing all this.
Man, there's so much. See, I can keep praying, y'all. It's amazing.
I've already gone two and a half hours tonight. Hour and 40 minutes plus that.
It's almost going on over three. But we love you. Yeah, it's only one o'clock.
God bless y'all. We love you. See you again tomorrow. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you. Have a good night.